right um and the winner is
hey gavin and stacy
nessa proposes to smithy congratulations
[Applause]
oh wow can you hear us
yes i'm delighted we can thank you
that is incredible we were up against
such competition
thank you so much you know bringing the
show back after 10
years was such a big deal for us and we
weren't sure how it was going to be
received
and it had such a great response um
there are so many people that we have to
thank thank you to everybody that was
involved in making the show it was
a really joyous experience for us all
and this winning this bafta is immense
yes thank you very much to everybody
that voted and
to our cast and the whole crew made the
show
and uh this is a a lovely
this is some lovely icing on a already
really
lovely cake i'm delighted any other cake
references you'd like to add i just
wanna sink
my teeth into that bathtub and suckle
all the sugary juice out of here there
she is okay
let's end on that metaphor and i hope
the photo comes out nice from that booth
ruth
you